README.md, before:

# Fashionly App
## Screenshots
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b299acb-c9fb-41db-bc86-feeda0069f71" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dd6f538-6858-464e-b6c4-529bf59d9e6e" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c3bba4cf-ef8a-4605-a5c0-aef2b7bd6496" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44493d09-5c1d-46c5-992c-55ad03a68d36" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3110359c-9998-4d40-b872-38abb0456067" height="350">

---

## Overview
An Android fashion inspiration app that allows users to:
- Upload their favorite outfits and post them instantly
- Explore a real-time news feed (updates when you swipe to refresh)
- Search and filter posts by styles to discover style inspiration from others
- Save your favorite posts containing outfits that inspire you
- Built with a fragment-based architecture and a clean, intuitive UI for a seamless user experience.
  
Everything’s anonymous, so it’s all about the **fashion**, not the follower count.  

---

## Features/How It Works
1. **Create a Post** — Upload or select an image from your personal gallery and create a post title and description
2. **Tag-Based Filtering** — Make your post searchable by selecting styles associated with the outfit
3. **Anonymous Posting** — Users can share outfits without creating an account, username, password, etc (everything is anonymous other than the images you choose to post)
4. **Engage with the Feed** — Browse, search, and filter community outfits.  
5. **Save Posts** — Keep looks you love in your personal saved collection.  
6. **Manage Your Content** — Delete your posts from the "Your Posts" tab.

--

## Tech Stack
- **Language**: Java
- **Framework**: Android (Fragments, RecyclerView, ConstraintLayout, FlexboxLayout)
- **Backend**: Firebase Firestore, Firebase Cloud Storage, Firebase Authentication
- **Other Tools**: Firebase Cloud Functions, Glide (image loading)  

---

Commit message:

Update README.md added contact info

README.md, after:

# Fashionly App
Created by: Chukwuemeka Nsolo <br>
Contact: emekansolo@gmail.com <br>
Purpose: This app is designed to inspire fashion creativity by letting anonymous users share, discover, and save unique outfit ideas. <br>

## Screenshots
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b299acb-c9fb-41db-bc86-feeda0069f71" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dd6f538-6858-464e-b6c4-529bf59d9e6e" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c3bba4cf-ef8a-4605-a5c0-aef2b7bd6496" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44493d09-5c1d-46c5-992c-55ad03a68d36" height="350">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3110359c-9998-4d40-b872-38abb0456067" height="350">

---

## Overview
An Android fashion inspiration app that allows users to:
- Upload their favorite outfits and post them instantly
- Explore a real-time news feed (updates when you swipe to refresh)
- Search and filter posts by styles to discover style inspiration from others
- Save your favorite posts containing outfits that inspire you
- Built with a fragment-based architecture and a clean, intuitive UI for a seamless user experience.
  
Everything’s anonymous, so it’s all about the **fashion**, not the follower count.  

---

## Features/How It Works
1. **Create a Post** — Upload or select an image from your personal gallery and create a post title and description
2. **Tag-Based Filtering** — Make your post searchable by selecting styles associated with the outfit
3. **Anonymous Posting** — Users can share outfits without creating an account, username, password, etc (everything is anonymous other than the images you choose to post)
4. **Engage with the Feed** — Browse, search, and filter community outfits.  
5. **Save Posts** — Keep looks you love in your personal saved collection.  
6. **Manage Your Content** — Delete your posts from the "Your Posts" tab.

--

## Tech Stack
- **Language**: Java
- **Framework**: Android (Fragments, RecyclerView, ConstraintLayout, FlexboxLayout)
- **Backend**: Firebase Firestore, Firebase Cloud Storage, Firebase Authentication
- **Other Tools**: Firebase Cloud Functions, Glide (image loading)  

---
